### Nonrelational Databases
In a **nonrelational database,** you create tables. A table is a place where you can store and query data.

Nonrelational databases are sometimes referred to as "NoSQL databases" because they use structures other than rows and columns to organize data. One type of structural approach for nonrelational databases is key-value pairs. With key-value pairs, data is organized into items (keys), and items have attributes (values). You can think of attributes as being different features of your data.

In a key-value database, you can add or remove attributes from items in the table at any time. Additionally, not every item in the table has to have the same attributes.

Ex. of nonrelational database:

| key | value                                                                                 |
| --- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 1   | **Name**: John Doe<br>**Address**: 123 Any Street<br>**Favorite drink**: Medium latte |
| 2   | **Name**: Mary Major<br>**Address**: 100 Main Street<br>**Birthday**: July 5, 1994    |

### Amazon DynamoDB
**Amazon DynamoDB** is a key-value database service. It delivers single-digit millisecond performance at any scale.
#### Severless
DynamoDB is serverless, which means that you do not have to provision, patch or manage servers.

You also do not have to install, maintain, or operate software.
#### Automatic Scaling
As the size of your database shrinks or grows, DynamoDB automatically scales to adjust for changes in capacity while maintaining consistent performance.

This makes it a suitable choice for use cases that require high performance while scaling.
# Knowledge Check

**Q:** What are the scenarios in which you should use Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS)? (select two)
**A:** Using SQL to organize data & storing data in an Amazon Aurora database
