**Q:** Which Amazon S3 storage classes are optimized for archival data? (select two)
**A:** Amazon S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval & Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive
**Why?:** Objects stored in the Amazon S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval storage class can be retrieved within a few minutes to a few hours. By comparison, objects that are stored in the Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive storage class can be retrieved within 12 hours.

**Q:** Which statement or statements are TRUE about Amazon EBS volumes and Amazon EFS file systems?
**A:** EBS volumes store data within a single AZ. Amazon EFS file systems store data across multiple AZs.
**Why?:** An EBS volume must be located in the same Availability Zone as the Amazon EC2 instance to which it is attached.
Data in an Amazon EFS file system can be accessed concurrently from all the Availability Zones in the Region where the file system is located.

**Q:** You want to store data in an object storage service. Which AWS service is best for this type of storage?
**A:** Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3)
**Why?:** Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3) is a service that provides object-level storage. Amazon S3 stores data as object in buckets.

**Q:** Which statement best describes Amazon DynamoDB?
**A:** A serverless key-value database service
**Why?:** Amazon DynamoDB is a key-value database service. It is serverless, which means that you do not have to provision, patch, or manage servers.

**Q:** Which service is used to query and analyze data across a data warehouse?
**A:** Amazon Redshift
**Why?:** Amazon Redshift is a data warehousing service that you can use for big data analytics. Use Amazon Redshift to collect data from many sources and help you understand relationships and trends across your data.