**Public**: A vendor makes available the use of shared infrastructure, these include:
* Compute
* Storage
* DB
* Network resources
The consumer will never see the hardware used or know the exact physical location of their data.

Consumers can specify the geographic region which it resides to aid with data access latency based on where the end users are located.

The cloud vendor provides all the backed and physical maintenance of the physical location services such as power, cooling and hardware failures.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

**Private**: the infrastructure is privately hosted, managed and owned by the individual company using it. This gives improved and more direct control of the company's data. Enterprises who wish to keep a tighter grasp of security control may adopt this architecture.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

**Hybrid**: A model that makes use of both public and private. This model may be used for seasonal burst traffic, or for Disaster Recovery.

A hybrid model is established when a network link is configured between the Private Cloud to services within the Public Cloud.

This takes the benefits given from both the Public and Private models and allows you to architect your services in the most appropriate model, but this also mean it takes the cons from both.

Hybrid Clouds are normally short-term configurations, for testing or development, and/or can often be a transitional state for enterprises.


