**On-Demand Resourcing**: When you want to provision a resource within the Cloud, it's almost immediately available to you to allocate where and when you need it.

**Scalability**: Cloud computing offers you the ability to rapidly scale your environment's resources both 'up and down' and 'in and out'.
* Scaling up and down alters the power and performance of an instance/server, perhaps using one of with greater CPU or Memory (RAM).
* Scaling in and out you are adding or removing the number of instances you're using to your fleet of compute resources.

**Economy of Scale**: The huge scale of resources public cloud offerings proved offers exceptionally low resources costs compared to traditional hosting

**Flexibility & Elasticity**:
* The amount of resources you require.
* How much and how long you want them.
* What scale.
The amount of choice you have allows you to fully customize exactly how you want your environment.

**Growth**: Cloud Computing offers your org the ability to grow using a wide range of resources and services. Couple this with on-demand elements and your growth constraints are significantly reduced compared to a classic environment. You can reach global customers with east by provisioning resources across the cloud vendor's global network.

**Utility Based Metering**: With many Cloud services, you only pay for what you use.

**Shard Infrastructure**: Hosts within the cloud are virtualized, as a result multiple tenants can be running instances on the same hardware. This reduces the amount of physical hardware required, which in turn reduces the amount of power, cooling and space required in the datacenter, which in turn reduces the cost for you.

**Highly Available**: Many of the core services with the Public Cloud and its underlying infrastructure are replicated across different geographic zone and regions. Having data copied to multiple different places automatically ensures the durability and availability of your data and services without you needing to configure and architect for this.

**Security**: Public vendors such as AWS, Azure and GCP are considered to be more secure than what could be your own datacenter. This is achieved because they need to adhere to global compliance programs across multiple industries and by applying the shared responsibility model. They architect the security OF the cloud with high standards - you are responsible for the security of the services and apps INSIDE of the cloud.