### Exam Domains
1. Cloud Concepts
2. Security and Compliance
3. Technology
4. Billing and Pricing

The areas covered describe each domain in the **Exam Guide** for the AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner certification.

Each domain in the exam is weighted. The weight represents the percentage of questions in the exam that correspond to that particular domain. These are approximations, so the questions on your exam may not match these percentages exactly. The exam does not indicate the domain associated with a question. In fact, some questions can potentially fall under multiple domains.

| Domain                            | Percentage of exam |
| --------------------------------- | ------------------ |
| Domain 1: Cloud Concepts          | 24%                |
| Domain 2: Security and Compliance | 30%                |
| Domain 3: Technology              | 34%                |
| Domain 4: Billing and Pricing     | 12%                |
| Total                             | 100%               |

### Exam details
The AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner exam consists of **65 questions** to be completed in **90 minutes**. The minimum passing score is **700** (the maximum score is 1,000).

Two types of questions are included on the exam: multiple choice and multiple response.
- A **multiple-choice** question has one correct response and three incorrect responses, or distractors.
- A **multiple-response** question has two or more correct responses out of five or more options.

On the exam, there is no penalty for guessing. Any questions that you do not answer are scored as incorrect. If you are not sure of what the correct answer is, it’s always best for you to guess instead of leaving any questions unanswered.

The exam enables you to flag any questions that you’d like to review before submitting the exam. This helps you to use your time during the exam efficiently, knowing that you can always go back and review any questions that you were initially unsure of.