### Read the Full Question
First, make sure that you read each question in full. Key words or phrases in the question that, if left unread, could result in you selecting an incorrect response option.
### Predict the Answer Before Reviewing the Response Options
Next, try to predict the correct answer before looking at any of the response options. 

This strategy helps you to draw directly from your knowledge and skills without distraction from incorrect response options. If your prediction turns out to be one of the response options, this can be helpful for knowing whether you’re on the right track. However, make sure that you review all the other response options for that question.
### Eliminate Incorrect Response Options
Before selecting your response to a question, eliminate any options that you believe to be incorrect. 

This strategy helps you to focus on the correct option (or options, for multiple-response questions) and ensure that you have fulfilled all the requirements of the question.
# Sample Questions
### Multiple Choice
**Q:** AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner exam results are reported as a score from 100-1,000. What is the minimum passing score?
**A:**
* 650 
* 700 (x)
* 850 
* 900 

Correct
The correct response option is 700. 

Key words and phrases that you might have identified in this question include **minimum** and **AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner**.
### Multiple Response
**Q:** Which domains are included on the AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner exam? (Select TWO.)
**A:** 
- Security and Compliance (x)
- Automation and Optimization
- Monitoring and Reporting
- Billing and Pricing (x)
- Deployment and Provisioning
  
Correct
The two correct response options are:
- **Security and Compliance**
- **Billing and Pricing**

Key words and phrases that you might have identified in this question include **domains** and **AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner**.

The other three response options are domains that are included on the AWS Certified SysOps Administrator – Associate exam.