The **AWS Free Tier** enables you to begin using cetain services without having to worry about incurring costs for the specified period.

Three Types of offers are available:
* Always Free
* 12 Months Free
* Trials

For each free tier offer, make sure to review the specific details about exactly which resource types are included.
### Always Free
These offers do not expire and are available to all AWS customers.

Fore example, AWS Lambda allows 1 million free requests and up to 3.2 million seconds of compute time per month. Amazon DynamoDB allows 25GB of free storage per month.
### 12 Months Free
These offers are free for 12 months following your initial sign-up date to AWS.

Examples include specific amounts of Amazon S3 Standard Storage, thresholds for monthly hours of Amazon EC2 compute time, and amounts of Amazon CloudFront data transfer out.
### Trials
Short-term free trial offers start from the date you activate a particular service. The length of each trial might vary by number of days or the amount of usage in the service.

For example, Amazon Inspector offers a 90-day free trial. Amazon Lightsail (a service that enable you to run virtual private servers) offers 750 free hours of usage over a 30-day period.
# Knowledge Check

**Q:** The AWS Free Tier includes offers that are available to new AWS customers for a certain period of time following their AWS sign-up date. What is the duration of this period?
**A:** 12 months
*The AWS Free Tier consists of three types of offers that allow customers to use AWS services without incurring costs: Always free, 12 months free, and Trials.
For 12 months after you first sign up for an AWS account, you can take advantage of offers in the **12 Months Free** category. Examples of offers in this category include specific amounts of Amazon S3 Standard Storage, thresholds for monthly hours of Amazon EC2 compute time, and amounts of Amazon CloudFront data transfer out.*