**Q:** Which can you perform with consolidated billing?
**A:** Combine usage across accounts to receive volume pricing discounts.
**Why?:** The consolidated billing feature of AWS Organizations enables you to receive a single bill for all AWS accounts in your org. By consolidating, you can easily track the combined costs of all the linked accounts in your organization. The default maximum number of accounts allowed for an organization is 4, but you can contact AWS Support to increase your quota, if needed.

**Q:** Which pricing tool is used to visualize, understand, and manage your AWS costs and usage over time?
**A:** AWS Cost Explorer
**Why?:** AWS Cost Explorer includes a default report of the costs and usage for your top five cost-accruing AWS services. You can apply custom filters and groups to analyze your data. For example, you can view resource usage at the hourly level.

**Q:** Which pricing tool enables you to receive alerts when your service usage exceeds a threshold that you have defined?
**A:** AWS Budgets
**Why?:** In AWS Budgets, you can set custom alerts that will notify you when your service usage exceeds (or is forecasted to exceed) the amount that you have budgeted.
Your budget can be based on costs or usage. For example, you can set an alert that will notify you when you have incurred $100.00 of costs in Amazon EC2 or 500,000 requests in AWS Lambda.

**Q:** Your company wants to receive support from an AWS Technical Account Manage (TAM). Which support plan should you choose?
**A:** Enterprise
**Why?:** A Technical Account Manager (TAM) is available only to AWS customers with the Enterprise On-Ramp and Enterprise Support plans. A TAM provides guidance, architectural reviews, and ongoing communication with your company as you plan, deploy, and optimize your applications.

**Q:** Which service or resource is used to find third-party software that runs on AWS?
**A:** AWS Marketplace
**Why?:** AWS Marketplace is a digital catalog that includes thousands of software listings from independent software vendors. You can use AWS Marketplace to find, test, and buy software that runs on AWS.