**Q:** Which statement is TRUE for the AWS global infrastructure?
**A:** A Region Consists of three or more Availability Zones
**Why?:** As an example, the South America (São Paulo) Region is sa-east-1. It includes three Availability Zones: sa-east-1**a**, sa-east-1**b**, and sa-east-1**c**.

**Q:** Which factors should be considered when selection a Region? (Select TWO)
**A:** Compliance with data governance and legal requirements & proximity to your customers
**Why?:** Regions are global, and while you can set your infrastructure or application to be served from any region, your services might not adhere to certain laws or compliance in different countries. Also, selecting Regions that are close to you customers massively reduces latency, so they can be served faster. *Two other factors to consider when selecting a Region are pricing and the services that are available in a Region*

**Q:** Which statement best describes Amazon CloudFront?
**A:** A global content deliver service
**Why?:** Amazon CloudFront is a content delivery service. It uses a network of edge locations to cache content and deliver content to customers all over the world. When content is cached, it is stored locally as a copy. This content might be video files, photos, webpages, and so on.

**Q:** Which site does Amazon CloudFront use to cache copies of content for faster delivery to users at any location?
**A:** Edge location
**Why?:** Amazon CloudFront uses edge locations to cache content closer to users, reducing latency. When a user requests content, CloudFront delivers it from the nearest edge location if cached, or fetches it from the origin server if not. With over 250 edge locations globally, CloudFront ensures fast and reliable content delivery, improving user experience.

**Q:** Which action can you perform with AWS Outposts?
**A:** Extend AWS infrastructure and services to different locations including your on-premises data center
**Why?:** AWS Outposts is a fully managed service offered by Amazon Web Services (AWS) that extends AWS infrastructure, services, APIs, and tools to customer premises or co-location facilities. AWS Outposts enables you to seamlessly extend the AWS cloud to your on-premises environment, providing a consistent hybrid cloud experience with the same AWS infrastructure, services, APIs, and tools that you use in the cloud.