**Q:** Which statement best describes an IAM policy?
**A:** A document that grants or denies permissions to AWS services and resources
**Why?:** IAM policies provide you with the flexibility to customize users’ levels of access to resources. For instance, you can allow users to access all the Amazon S3 buckets in your AWS account or only a specific bucket.

**Q:** An employee requires temporary access to create several Amazon S3 buckets. Which option would be the best choice for this task?
**A:** IAM role
**Why?:** An IAM role is an identity that you can assume to gain temporary access to permissions. When someone assumes an IAM role, they abandon all permissions that they had under a previous role and assume the permissions of the new role. IAM roles are ideal for situations in which access to services or resources needs to be granted temporarily instead of long-term.

**Q:** Which statement best describes the principle of least privilege?
**A:** Granting only the permissions that are needed to perform specific tasks
**Why?:** When you grant permissions by following the principle of least privilege, you prevent users or roles from having more permissions than needed to perform specific job tasks. For example, cashiers in the coffee shop should be given access to the cash register system. As a best practice, grant IAM users and roles a minimum set of permissions and then grant additional permissions as needed.

**Q:** Which service helps protect your applications against DDoS attacks?
**A:** AWS Shield
**Why?:** As network traffic comes into your applications, AWS Shield uses a variety of analysis techniques to detect potential DDoS attacks in real time and automatically mitigates them.

**Q:** Which task can AWS Key Management Service (KMS) perform?
**A:** Create cryptographic keys
**Why?:** AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) enables you to perform encryption operations through the use of cryptographic keys. A cryptographic key is a random string of digits used for locking (encrypting) and unlocking (decrypting) data. You can use AWS KMS to create, manage, and use cryptographic keys. You can also control the use of keys across a wide range of services and in your applications.