**Q:** Your company has an application that uses Amazon EC2 instances to run the customer-facing website and Amazon RDS database instances to store customer's personal information. How should the developer configure the VPC according to best practices?
**A:** Place the Amazon EC2 instances in a public subnet and the Amazon RDS database instances in a private subnet.
**Why?:** A subnet is a section of a VPC in which you can group resources based on security or operational needs. Subnets can be public or private.
Public subnets contain resources that need to be accessible by the public, such as an online store’s website.
Private subnets contain resources that should be accessible only through your private network, such as a database that contains customers’ personal information and order histories.

**Q:** Which component can be used to establish a private dedicated connection between your company's data center and AWS?
**A:** AWS Direct Connect
**Why?:** Suppose that there is an apartment building with a hallway directly linking the building to the coffee shop. Only the residents of the apartment building can travel through this hallway.
This private hallway provides the same type of dedicated connection as AWS Direct Connect. Residents are able to get into the coffee shop without needing to use the public road shared with other customers.

**Q:** Which best describes security groups?
**A:** They are stateful and deny all inbound traffic by default
**Why?:** Security groups are stateful. This means that they use previous traffic patterns and flows when evaluating new requests for an instance.
By default, security groups deny all inbound traffic, but you can add custom rules to fit your operational and security needs.

**Q:** Which component is used to connect a VPC to the internet?
**A:** Internet gateway
**Why?:**  An internet gateway is a connection between a VPC and the internet. You can think of an internet gateway as being similar to a doorway that customers use to enter the coffee shop. Without an internet gateway, no one can access the resources within your VPC.

**Q:** Which service is used to manage the DNS records for domain names?
**A:** Amazon Route 53
**Why?:** Amazon Route 53 is a DNS web service. It gives developers and businesses a reliable way to route end users to internet applications that host in AWS.
Another feature of Route 53 is the ability to manage the DNS records for domain names. You can transfer DNS records for existing domain names managed by other domain registrars. You can also register new domain names directly in Route 53.
